welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called hellbaby
from 2013. spoilers ahead watch out and
take care and i hope you enjoy it
at the beginning of the movie we see a
haunted house a couple named jack and
vanessa were shifting in that house
we noticed that vanessa was a pregnant
lady and she can't walk on stairs
so jack took her inside the house
then we saw that an ugly old lady was
watching them through the window but
they didn't notice it at night when they
were unpacking their stuff and setting
up their new home jack finds a lamp as
he touched the lamp he was shocked by it
then a guy appeared in the window then
he gets into the house
vanessa got so scared to see all of this
and hid behind jack
when he talked to him he found out that
he was their neighbor
his name is fresno
he came here to check if they were safe
or not because everyone around that
house thinks this building is haunted
but jack and vanessa didn't know about
it and then fresnel told them to stay
alert and they must call him if they
need any help then he left the scene
changed
and we saw two guys named sebastian and
padrigo they were working out actually
they were the fathers in a church
and then we saw jack and vanessa vanessa
was taking a shower and jack was
brushing his teeth
when he first looked at the mirror he
saw that vanessa was there but when he
looked at it again then he saw that
there was the old lady who was watching
them that day through the window
then jack had doubts about it and went
to check
but there was no one in the bathroom
and then we saw vanessa was rubbing her
finger with a sharp brush
and her fingers were covered in blood
but vanessa didn't care about the blood
instead she was happy and laughing after
this
and then she started to lick her own
blood
and then we saw jack he was trying to
fix that lamp but he failed to fix it
then vanessa gave him some iced tea and
told him her sister will come tomorrow
and she will do some rituals for the
safety of this house
then jack takes a sip from the tea but
then he realized it was paint thinner
and not tea then vanessa said maybe it
was my mistake
she said sorry and left
jack was so worried about these strange
behaviors in his wife then he started to
believe that this house is actually
haunted
and then fresno came to their house and
sat next to jack
jack was already so panicked so he got
scared after seeing him
then both of them discussed about all
the things that were happening with jack
and vanessa
then fresno left
after fresno left the house jack went to
another room and he finds a box jack got
so scared after seeing the box and went
to his bed to sleep
when he was sleeping in his bed
something entered under his blanket and
it started to give him some pleasure
jack thought it was his wife vanessa
but then he realized that it was not
vanessa it was the ugly old lady who was
watching them that day through the
window then jack attacked the lady with
a fire extinguisher in order to save his
life then the lady fell down on his bed
then vanessa came there after she heard
this scream then they realized that the
lady was dead and jack killed her
and to get rid of the police they buried
the dead body in their backyard
but then jack noticed that vanessa was
talking to a dog in some strange
language the scene changed the next
morning jack went to the doctor with his
wife for her routine checkup but they
had to wait for the doctor because the
doctor went outside to work out
but when the doctor came back he said
sorry to jack and vanessa for making
them wait for him
then fresno called jack
he told him that two police officers are
looking for you then jack told him that
send them back anyhow i will tell you
everything when i get back home
he was talking on the phone then the
doctor took his wife to the medical room
for a checkup after some time jack saw
that vanessa's checkup was done
and she was coming out while thanking
the doctor then vanessa told him now we
should go home
but jack said wait i need to talk to the
doctor and thank him
jack was about to enter the medical room
but then his wife told him not to go
inside
but when jack didn't listen to him then
she started crying
but when jack opened the door we saw
that vanessa killed the doctor so
brutally and hanged him on the wall
then jack closed the door and took her
home
then the police came there and said a
lady wants to thank you because you
helped her to get her memory back and it
was the lady who jack buried last night
and then the lady hugged him and thanked
him and the police also left
jack and vanessa got back into the room
and they were celebrating the fact that
everyone was okay
then those two police officers went to
that doctor's clinic to investigate
then father sebastian and father padrigo
came there
they saw the dead body and said he was
not killed by a human
and we are getting a reading of
supernatural energy after some time they
went to a restaurant to eat and they
were talking about supernatural energy
on the other side jack heard a dog
barking from vanessa's room then he came
to her room and found out that it was
his wife who was making the dog noise
the next morning we saw that vanessa was
eating raw meat in the kitchen
then jack came to her and asked her to
go to the doctor about last night's
incident
but vanessa said no and left
then the electricity went off jack went
to that room where he found the box to
fix the electricity
and then fresno came there and once
again jack got scared after seeing him
then they started talking to each other
jack asks him about the dog
fresnel told him it was a ghost dog
don't pay so much attention to it
fresno said this because he never found
its poop
fresnel also told him about a book
it was the book he found in that box
and then they went to a restaurant and
had lunch after having lunch jack came
back to his house
when he entered the house he heard
something in the bathroom
he went to check but it was vanessa's
sister marjorie
then marjorie vanessa jack and fresnel
started a ritual
there was an electrician with them as
well he came here to fix the cables
while they were doing the ritual
everything inside the house started
shaking
then they get out of the house but
everything was normal outside the house
which means the earthquake was happening
only inside the house
then the electrician also left the house
after some time when everything gets
normal then everyone went to fresnel's
house
they were eating something then the two
police officers came there they started
investigating about the doctor because
according to them he had his last
appointment with jack and vanessa they
are here to investigate based on this
information
but jack and vanessa told them they know
nothing about it
then the police officers left but the
police kept an eye on them and they told
father padrigo and sebastian about it
then father rodrigo and sebastian told
them they searched the house of jack and
vanessa while they were in fresnel's
house
they found that book and clicked some
photos of the dog
and there was a lady on the cover of the
book and surprisingly the lady looked
exactly like vanessa but then a crow
fell on their car
the crow had a symbol on it
then they were confirmed that there was
a negative energy in their house
that night jack marjorie and fresnel
heard some noises from vanessa's room
they went to her room to check it but
vanessa was not there they were
searching for her but then vanessa grabs
jack's leg and dragged him under the bed
and she tried to eat him alive
but somehow jack saved himself then they
noticed that vanessa was levitating in
the air and she was laughing they got so
scared after seeing this and left her
room
then they called the police after some
time the police came there along with
those two fathers
father rodrigo and sebastian controlled
the negative energy in vanessa's body
and tied her with a rope
vanessa was having pregnancy pain which
means she was going into labor since
there was no doctor there her sister
marjorie delivered the baby jack and
vanessa got so happy to see their baby
but then vanessa was having pain once
again
and they heard the voice of a monster
baby from her belly
marjorie tried to deliver the baby but
she got so scared after seeing the
monster baby but jack was feeling too
bad for vanessa
so he went to deliver the monster baby
then jack delivered the monster baby
then he took him on his lap but the baby
attacked him and then the baby hides
somewhere everyone was so scared and
then the baby attacked one of the police
officers
and then his colleague shot the baby to
kill it but he missed his shot and the
other officer got shot and died
meanwhile marjorie said to fresno first
take the baby outside of this house but
then the monster baby bites margaery and
she died as well and then the monster
baby attacked father rodrigo and killed
him jack saw all of this and he attacked
the monster baby with that lamp he found
in his house at the beginning of the
movie and at last the monster baby died
the next morning they were talking to
each other outside the house
jack told vanessa about the book then
vanessa said her mom was a porn star
fresnel was so sad because of marjorie's
death then father sebastian told them to
forget everything and start a new life
then vanessa named her baby sebastian
fresno then everyone got so emotional
and father sebastian left while talking
to them fresnel gets on the road and he
steps on dog's poop and they realized
that it was a normal dog
but then a car hits him from the back
and the movie ends here
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen
and don't forget to let me know how you
feel about today's video in the comments
down below
and at last i will say stay safe stay
well
thanks